rough mothership event
this even will envolve my dreadnought, and a hidden econamy system based around it. here is how it will work:
varubles:
    tech:
        tech is a list of all 'unlocked' tech.
    fleet strength:
        fleet strength is the number of DP the mothership can produce in other ships
    failed raids:
        a list of all times a raid failed, the system said raid was in, and how mush more DP then the defenders the mothership will want to braing next time.
stage 1:
    in stage 1, the mothership will hide in a system with lots of oganics and mine them. this will build up fleet strangth.
    will also spend fleet strength to send out miners to mine organics from other worlds in system if they exsist.
    will also spend fleet strength to send out miners to mine organics form other systems, if they are close enough and the appropriate tech is unlocked.

    during this stage, after 3 - 12 months, the mothership will random chose a target.
        targets with more possable tech to unlock will be more likely. (tech not unlocked * rarity)*1
        targets the mothership has already targeted will be less likely '-1 per planet that it tried to raid in the past'
    once the mothership has enouth fleet strangth to attack the world (targets fleet defences, + 20%) or (max(targets fleet defences,last raid strangth)+ 20% + (20%* number of failed raids on this system))
    it will recall all miners to itself, regaining DP equal to the surviving miners. once all miners are recalled
    it will 'warp' directly into the system (really long range transverse jump)

stage 2:
    in stage 2, the mothership will start to attack the system it was warped into. attempting to raid all worlds in system. this will have the following effects:
    1) a - accsessability and stability to all hostile worlds in system, so long as the raid continues.
    2)the mothership will spwan, and attempt to maintain a number of fleets.
        -said fleets will attmpt to raid planets not yet raided in this attack.
        -some of said fleets will attempt to protect the mothership (20% of them)
        -every fleet will cost 'fleet strangth' to deploy.
    the mothership will have the following stats, determing if it will retreat or not:
        tiredness
            tiredness will start at 0, and will be caped to fleet strength*0.4
            if tiredness reaches its cap, the mothership will emedeantly recall all its ships and attempt to warp out, going back to stage 1
            every time a ship is lost, it will gain tiredness equal to the DP of the lost ship(s)
            every time tiredness surpasses a threshold (20%,40%,60%,70%,80%,90%,92%,94%,96%,98%) the mothership will compair to its own moral %. if moral is < then tiredness, the mothership will recall its forces, warp out and return to stage 1
        moral
            moral will start at zero, and will go up by a amount every time a planet is raided. (with the following EQ):
                -(planet_size * faction_tech_modifier * percentage_of_techs_not_yet_gotten_from_this_faction)
            moral is caped at:
                -the max number of moral you can gain by raiding planets.
    if the mothership is disabled, it will emedeantly retreat and teleport out of system, leaving all its forces behind, losing 1/2 of its remaining fleet strength, lossing a S-Mod, and gaining a D-Mod. also possible for it to lose a tech at random
    if the mothership or its forces successfully raid all hostile worlds in system (that the mothership can still get tech from (or get otherthings if that's a thing i do)) It will retreat, gaining a S-Mod at random, recalling its forces and returning to stage 1.



tech:
    tech will be decided into raritys, with each one being worth a certen amount of ponits, based on 'rarity'.
        -this eq is 1.5^rarity
    every faction will have a list of possible techs that can be raided.
        -if that list is existed completely, it will switch to 'genearic' techs.
    whenever a planet is raided it will run the following calculation, to determine what tech level progress is made for:
        planet size * (cost of industry / 1,000,000) * ruins modifier
        after being raided, the mothership will gain tech 'ponits' to a random rarity of tech
            -the odds for each tech rarity is 'number of techs left in that rarity' (that can be gotten from this faction) (including generic ones)

    possable tech that i could have:
        eco techs:
            -more fleet strangth from mineing
            -fleet strength if i raid a world with organics
            -ability to warp all miners back to the mothership before a raid.
            -ability to warp combat ships back to the mothship during a raid (for retreating)(provided the ship is not disabled)
            -ability to gain a small amount of fleet strength from destroyed ships (DP destroyed / 10)
        ships and wepons:
            -giving the mothership new ships to spwan, and new wepons to create seems like a cool idea.
        hullmods:
            -things like exsotic hullmods
        abilitys:
            -i dont fucking know....
