NAME: Consorcium Synthesis Organici
names:
    faction:
        English:                                Latin                               Latin2
        Organic Synthesis Consortium:           Consorcium Synthesis Organici,      Consilium Synthesios Organicum
    forgeships:
        English:                                Latin                               Latin2
        Bioforge Constructors                   Constructorum Bioregii              Fabricatorum Biogenes

ITS THE SMUG TOOL. ITS HOTKEY IS 'S' AND IT IS THE anti-alius
new fleet design:
    a new fleet design is now required.
    lets take the things i like about xhan empires alvarium docturing:
    remove the things i dont like:
        -the over complecated and almost messy way that the hull is detailed (the curves being a mess)
        -the green outer armor (but only sometimes. i love it on the larger ships, but it looks messy sometimes).
        -the green armor on the -outside- of the ships??
    and add some more things i like:
        -the engin phum
        -the green name
        -the grey armor colar (although maybe a little tint of green in it?)
        -the preference of green in there desing (but not being all green)
        -the bridges (for both drones and not drones.)

        -the energy wepons.
        -the 'vill' fighters concept
        -the forward facing hanger bays (for the 'vill' fighters).
        -the idea of tiny drone ships and making them out of organics.
    things i dont like about -that- ship: (being the one on the discord page about graphics lib)
        no engins =(
            -although, it looks very sexy on that ship, with its little waves of motion. god it looks good. but not for me here. it would not fit the desing.
             thats for something really scary, and not just a line ship.
    things i like about -that- ship:
        the more simple hull desing (for details) looks less messy.
        the layered looking armor.
        the green lights in the hull.
        the way the wepons seem to be indented a little into the hull, as apposed to on top of it.
        the colar of the main hull (like steel)

    so combining that, i get the following i need to do:
        1) pick a color pallet (for hull, weapons, glows, exsta) (should do the hull first. i want something steal, but slightly green....)
        2) redesign all my ships (AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA)
        3) build my own weapons and effects (I can use xhans for now, but i need to not have that).
        4) build my own special hull mod (like 'organic hull' or something, but what would it do? make me reselect to emp? like what?? I need to reserch a little...)
        5) move all ship designs into this file.
        6) create a new 'vill' fighter. try not to just copy xhan empire please.
            -names: assembly drone?
            bio-constructor?
            bio-assembler?
        7) rename hiveships to:
            bio-constructor ships?
            bio-forge ships?
        8) rename the avlarium docturing to:
            ????
so the ships basic desing: (keep in mind: there are differences between droneships and hive ships)
    cores:
        cores are rather detect. they are basically a big glowing green thing on my craft.
        they have wires connecting them to all the other parts of my craft. like 'wpeons' and 'engions'
        issues. on drone ships, my 'core' is acting as a bridge. this might not be wize, if i plan on having the big center core on all my ships?
        possability: on hive ships, give them more 'smaler' cores, on the sides of the craft, well holding a bridge were the core normaly is on the drone craft?
        hive ship:
            multible smaller cores, on the sides of the ship.
        drone ship:
            one big center 'core' i like the way it works.
    bridge:
        hive ship:
            I like the flat green dots around a center part of the craft it. looks good. Hopefully no one accuses me of plagerisum if i do that...?
        drone ship:
            the droneships 'core' dubbles as a 'bridge' for now...
    engines:
        hive ship:
            remember: engines tend to be connected to the rest of the hull with -multiple- methods. its not enough to -just- have it be partly hidden in the hull...
            or is it? its what the xhan empier ships did. although there engines were very complecated. so i might be in a bit of a pickle here...
            mmmm
        drone ship:
            --
    shape:
        the Alvarium docturoms shap was curvey. very mush so. there were no hard lines anywere.
        that was ok, but lets do something diffrent:
            1) let there be hard lines instead of curves.
            2) lets there be curveys over longer parts of the ship (to stop it looking like stright lines everywere)

            now the stillhouse: I do have a few drawn in my notbook, that have a function simaler to waht i describe....
        hive ship:
        drone ship:
    hull:
        mmmmmmmm
        I like the overlaping plates. how do i handle this...
        in the MP4 i downloaded, that ships overlapping plates are all the same base color. its just shading that changes the way it all looks.
        im going to try to manage that. that type if shading. it will be hard, but no were near as hard as Alvarium doctoring.
        hive ship:
        drone ship:
    outer hull:
        ....
        hive ship:
        drone ship:
    weapons slots:
        I like the concept of the weapons being indented in my hull.
        I like it a loot. in fact, i like it so mush im going to try and do it.
        E:
            S:
            M:
            L:
        M:
            most missiles in the game are not turrets, but are rather hard ponits on the edges of a ships hull. should i keep that up?
            S:
            M:
            L:
        B: (there might be no B - weapons)
    weapons:
        NOTE: this is general design. not exact ways how the weapons must look.
        E:
            S:
            M:
            L:
        M:
            S:
            M:
            L:
    hanger bays:
        construction ships:
            I would still like them to face forwards, at somewhere around the center of the ships front. this
            will let it look more like something more civilian, and not combat (why have fighter bays exposed like that.)
        not construction ships:
            make there hangers be more 'inside' the hull (still at the edges). also make them be more turds the back of the ship, and face backwards.
            this marks a clear difference between construction hangers and military ones.

    size differences:
        capital:
            hive ship:
            drone ship:
        cruiser:
            hive ship:
            drone ship:
        destroyer:
            hive ship:
            drone ship:
        frigate:
            hive ship:
            drone ship:




ships:
        capital:
            hive ship:
            drone ship:
        cruiser:
            hive ship:
            drone ship:
        destroyer:
            hive ship:
            drone ship:
            'advanced' phase gunship
                a new 'p-teleport' system that takes a moment to actavate. works like the one for P-drone.
                3 forward ME mounts. (maybe have one be a sinergy hardponit)?
                2 back SE mounts (for PD) (maybe make them reach with just enouth range to hit the front of the craft? no that goes against part of the weaknesses of the craft i have)
                2 SE hardponits?
                is this to mush firepower?????

        frigate:
            hive ship:
            drone ship:
                eco drone set (almost done. need vareants):
                    give 2 SE mounts, on the sides. 230 arc. facing sideways.
                    give lower overall flux, speed, hull, armor, shields, compared to other drone ships.
                    give it a stranger shape. something i think... longer? that could be interesting for a eco ship. or maybe wider?
                    mmmmmm
                    so for the fuel variant, maybe instead of what im doing right now, i make many kinda 'rods' of fuel? that could be a idea.
                    also, something to do, is bring ing the 'hull' around the fuel. make it so its more contained. mmmm
                    in addition to that, the possobility exsists to add a hinda set of 'hatches' to the antimatter fuel storge.
                    this would be less red, likely, but could be interesting none the less....
                    ok, i tryed some tanks in the vanila style. and no. no no no no no no no.
                    it looks terrable. it clashes to mush and runins the way the ship looks.
                    I tryed a lot of things, and worked hard, but no.
                    I think im going to need to create some containers instead, and then go from there. also, i really
                    want to keep the 'shape' of the cargo areas. so i think im just going to make sure everything fits -tightly- into that little space.
                defence drone
                small 3 SE wepon drone ship. 1 SS?
                fortress shields.
                2 back turrets. 200 angle. turned back and to the size, so they dont cover the very front, and the other side.
                1 forward turret / hardponit? (or both?)
                hullmods (built in):
                    integrated PD systems (or whatever its called)
                'blink' drone.
                    tiny, 1 SE, 2 SS wepon drone ship.
                    a very low recharge, 1 charge, P-Teleport system.
                    1 SE back for PD. 2 SS forward hardponits. for conquest
                    consept: this tiny, kinda terrable drone, can be outfitted with diffrent built in mods, depending on how its built.
                    the mods could effect its P-Teleport system, giving it charges, or reducing colon. anything really.
                assault drone (done. not implemented):
                    so, 1 ME wepons, forwards, one SE wepons, omi.
                    give it some type of weapons system as its ship system (like the 'advanced P-Teleporter weapons system'). maybe a missle as well, if its good.
                    think its system should be one that increases projectile speed and maybe? attack speed.
                phase drone: (done. might add more doge and burn latter)
                    so i have started this ship.
                    I like the way the armor plates look.
                    I like the way the bride looks.
                    i think it looks fucking good.
                        4)(not done. not needed????) add armor plates on the armor
                            right now, the armor is not very interesting. adding some 'plate' looking structures onto the wings might help...
                        5)(done?) add other detailes:
                            small lights.
                            pipes?
                            wire
                            other things...




systems:
    notes:
        the idea behind systems that effects 'others', is that support ships would gain such ability, then use them on different ships in combat to improve there ability.
        also note: i have built 3 'other' system basic desings now, and they follow a them. so im going to run down the list of ability i have thought about giving my units with said ability here instead
            1) plasma jets
            2) high energy weapons
            3) some type of time warp (for real, there is no way i can balance something like -that!-)
            4) high recharge weapons (like automated ammo feeder, but for energy weapons)
            5) ability to give ships a charge of phase hop.
            6) putting a friendly unit in phase for a few seconds.
    mobility systems:
        self:
            -example
                description:
                targeting:
                strength:
                cost:
                range:
                duration:
                cool down:
                recharge:
                charges:
                mechanics:
            -limited phase jump
                description:a phase jump
                targeting:  same as phase jump (mouse for target jump ponit, target for target direction)
                strength:   NA
                cost:       some hard flux maybe?
                range:      long range
                duration:   1.5 seconds (to complete the jump)?
                cool down:  lone (maybe 2x as long as normal phase jump)
                recharge:   same as cooldown, or NA
                charges:    2 or NA
                duration:   NA
                mechanics:  a simple phase jump. but green (like the phase hop system)
        others:
            -phase recall:
                description: a recall system, like phase jump
                targeting: only targets friendly ships. targets ships that are overloading, then ships with low HP but are in combat, then none.
                           maybe restrict targets to destroyer or smaller?
                strength: NA
                cost:     some hard flux for the ship
                range:    long
                duration: 1.5 seconds (same as limited phase jump)
                cool down: long
                recharge:  --
                charges:   NA or 2
                mechanics: would teleport the target ship next to this ship, in a empty space. best used with backline ships, like carrers
    offencive systems:
        self:
            -advanced P-Teleporter weapons system
                description: energy weapons are P-Teleported around the enemy ship, hitting from many angles
                targeting: targets one enemy
                strength: NA
                cost: weapons generate hard flux?
                range: about 600/800/1000/1200?
                duration: 3 seconds?
                cool down: 5 seconds
                recharge: 10 seconds
                charges: 3
                mechanics: for the duration, every shot fired from this ships energy weapons will not leave the barrel of the gun, and instead will appear 200su away from the targets collision circle, at a random position around the craft. every shot fired this way will fire turds the craft.
                           can be deactivated at any time.
            -P-Teleporter weapon system
                description: energy weapons fired from this craft use an advanced phase skimmer to allow the shots to travel to there target, instantly
                targeting: self
                strength: NA
                cost: weapons generate 50% more flux?
                range: NA
                duration: 1 seconds
                cool down: 2 seconds
                recharge: 5 seconds
                charges: 3
                mechanics: when active, any energy wepons fired from the craft will 'hit scan', and if a target is found, will hit it instead of firing from the barrel.

            -Time warp wepons system
                description: useing a advanced targeting system, lets projectiles go fast fast fast.
                targeting:NA
                strength:NA
                cost:energy weapons generate 50% more flux
                range:NA
                duration:2 seconds
                cool down: 3 seconds
                recharge: 5 seconds
                charges: 3
                mechanics: increases projectile speed by 4X.

        others:
    defencive systems:
        self:
        others:
            -remote plasma shield:
                description: targets a friendly none fighter ship, and give it a sheild equal to  hit ponits, costing 500/
                targeting:  would target other ships (cant target self). would prioritize ships thar are overfluxed or close, then ships fighting with low HP, then ships in combat. would prefer smaller ships when a chose is given. would be used less and less as the ship gains flux, and more when flux is free.
                strength:   1000/2000/4000/8000
                cost:       500/1300/3200/7600. 1/2/3/4 charges.
                range:      far, maybe 2k range
                duration:   maybe 30 seconds?
                cool down:  1
                recharge:   5
                charges:    8
                mechanics:   a line of green will go to the target, and when it reaches said target, said ship will gain shield around them.
                            said shield will have the following stats:
                            1 damage efficiency.
                            (power / time)*-1 flux desperation
                            power flax capacity.
                            360 degree arc
                            when the shield is over fluxed, it will simple vanish.
                            the negative flux desperation is to give the shield a fixed time limit on how long it can last.
                            would cost 1 charge per ship size? (to make it valid to target larger ships, and smaller ones with)
            -remote arc emitter:
                description: give a friendly ship basic the arc emitter ability. will hit missles and other ships.
                targeting:  friendly ships under missile fire, friendly ships in combat.
                strength: 3/6/9/12 shots.
                cost:     100/200/400/800 flux? 1/2/3/4 charges?
                range:    long? maybe 1200su?
                duration: maybe 10 seconds
                cool down:1 seconds
                recharge: 3 seconds
                charges:  10
                mechanics: would provide a modifier to a friendly ship, that lasts for duration. during this time, said ship will get the arc emitter buff. (effectively the arc emitter system). it would target nearby fighters and missiles and ships, doing damage and emp damage. once the charges are out, or the duration is exceeded, the buff would fade.
